and Hezekiah sent to all Israel and
and Hezekiah sent to all Israel and pewter and also wrote letters to ephraim
pewter and also wrote letters to ephraim
pewter and also wrote letters to ephraim and manasseh that they should come to
and manasseh that they should come to
and manasseh that they should come to the house of the Lord at Jerusalem to
the house of the Lord at Jerusalem to
the house of the Lord at Jerusalem to keep the Passover to the Lord God of
keep the Passover to the Lord God of
keep the Passover to the Lord God of Israel for the king and his leaders and
Israel for the king and his leaders and
Israel for the king and his leaders and all the Assembly in Jerusalem had agreed
all the Assembly in Jerusalem had agreed
all the Assembly in Jerusalem had agreed to keep the Passover in the second month
to keep the Passover in the second month
to keep the Passover in the second month for they couldn't keep it at the regular
for they couldn't keep it at the regular
for they couldn't keep it at the regular time because a sufficient number of
time because a sufficient number of
time because a sufficient number of priests had not consecrated themselves
priests had not consecrated themselves
priests had not consecrated themselves nor had the people gathered together at
nor had the people gathered together at
nor had the people gathered together at Jerusalem and the matter pleased the
Jerusalem and the matter pleased the
Jerusalem and the matter pleased the king and all the assembly so they
king and all the assembly so they
king and all the assembly so they resolved to make a proclamation
resolved to make a proclamation
resolved to make a proclamation throughout all Israel from Beersheba to
throughout all Israel from Beersheba to
throughout all Israel from Beersheba to Dan that they should come to keep the
Dan that they should come to keep the
Dan that they should come to keep the Passover to the Lord God of Israel at
Passover to the Lord God of Israel at
Passover to the Lord God of Israel at Jerusalem since they had not done it for
Jerusalem since they had not done it for
Jerusalem since they had not done it for a long time in the prescribed manner
a long time in the prescribed manner
a long time in the prescribed manner then the runners went throughout all
then the runners went throughout all
then the runners went throughout all Israel and Judah with the letters from
Israel and Judah with the letters from
Israel and Judah with the letters from the king and his leaders and spoke
the king and his leaders and spoke
the king and his leaders and spoke according to the command of the king
according to the command of the king
according to the command of the king children of Israel return to the Lord
children of Israel return to the Lord
children of Israel return to the Lord God of Abraham Isaac and Israel then he
God of Abraham Isaac and Israel then he
God of Abraham Isaac and Israel then he will return to the remnant of you who
will return to the remnant of you who
will return to the remnant of you who have escaped from the hand of the kings
have escaped from the hand of the kings
have escaped from the hand of the kings of Assyria and do not be like your
of Assyria and do not be like your
of Assyria and do not be like your fathers and your brethren who trespassed
fathers and your brethren who trespassed
fathers and your brethren who trespassed against the Lord God of their fathers so
against the Lord God of their fathers so
against the Lord God of their fathers so that he gave them up to desolation as
that he gave them up to desolation as
that he gave them up to desolation as you see now do not be stiff-necked as
you see now do not be stiff-necked as
you see now do not be stiff-necked as your fathers were but yield yourselves
your fathers were but yield yourselves
your fathers were but yield yourselves to the Lord and enter his sanctuary
to the Lord and enter his sanctuary
to the Lord and enter his sanctuary which he has sanctified forever and
which he has sanctified forever and
which he has sanctified forever and serve the Lord your God that the
serve the Lord your God that the
serve the Lord your God that the fierceness of his wrath may turn away
fierceness of his wrath may turn away
fierceness of his wrath may turn away from you but if you return to the Lord
from you but if you return to the Lord
from you but if you return to the Lord your brethren and your children will be
your brethren and your children will be
your brethren and your children will be treated with compassion by those who
treated with compassion by those who
treated with compassion by those who lead them captive so that they may come
lead them captive so that they may come
lead them captive so that they may come back to this land for the Lord your God
back to this land for the Lord your God
back to this land for the Lord your God is gracious and merciful and will not
is gracious and merciful and will not
is gracious and merciful and will not turn his face from you if you return to
turn his face from you if you return to
turn his face from you if you return to him
so the runners passed from city to city
so the runners passed from city to city through the country of ephraim and
through the country of ephraim and
through the country of ephraim and manasseh as far as Zebulon but they
manasseh as far as Zebulon but they
manasseh as far as Zebulon but they laughed at them and mocked them
laughed at them and mocked them
laughed at them and mocked them nevertheless some from ashen Manasseh
nevertheless some from ashen Manasseh
nevertheless some from ashen Manasseh and Zebulun humbled themselves and came
and Zebulun humbled themselves and came
and Zebulun humbled themselves and came to Jerusalem also the hand of God was on
to Jerusalem also the hand of God was on
to Jerusalem also the hand of God was on Judah to give them singleness of heart
Judah to give them singleness of heart
Judah to give them singleness of heart to obey the command of the king and the
to obey the command of the king and the
to obey the command of the king and the leaders at the word of the Lord
leaders at the word of the Lord
leaders at the word of the Lord now many people a very great assembly
now many people a very great assembly
now many people a very great assembly gathered at Jerusalem to keep the feast
gathered at Jerusalem to keep the feast
gathered at Jerusalem to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the second month
of unleavened bread in the second month
of unleavened bread in the second month they arose and took away the altars that
they arose and took away the altars that
they arose and took away the altars that were in Jerusalem and they took away all
were in Jerusalem and they took away all
were in Jerusalem and they took away all the incense altars and cast them into
the incense altars and cast them into
the incense altars and cast them into the brook kidron then they slaughtered
the brook kidron then they slaughtered
the brook kidron then they slaughtered the Passover lambs on the fourteenth day
the Passover lambs on the fourteenth day
the Passover lambs on the fourteenth day of the second month the priests and the
of the second month the priests and the
of the second month the priests and the Levites were ashamed and sanctified
Levites were ashamed and sanctified
Levites were ashamed and sanctified themselves and brought the burnt
themselves and brought the burnt
themselves and brought the burnt offerings to the house of the law they
offerings to the house of the law they
offerings to the house of the law they stood in their place according to their
stood in their place according to their
stood in their place according to their custom according to the law of Moses the
custom according to the law of Moses the
custom according to the law of Moses the man of God the priest sprinkled the
man of God the priest sprinkled the
man of God the priest sprinkled the blood received from the hand of the
blood received from the hand of the
blood received from the hand of the Levites for there were many in the
Levites for there were many in the
Levites for there were many in the Assembly who had not sanctified
Assembly who had not sanctified
Assembly who had not sanctified themselves therefore the Levites had
themselves therefore the Levites had
themselves therefore the Levites had charge of the slaughter of the Passover
charge of the slaughter of the Passover
charge of the slaughter of the Passover lambs for everyone who was not clean to
lambs for everyone who was not clean to
lambs for everyone who was not clean to sanctify them to the Lord for a
sanctify them to the Lord for a
sanctify them to the Lord for a multitude of the people many from
multitude of the people many from
multitude of the people many from Ephraim Manasseh Issachar and Zebulun
Ephraim Manasseh Issachar and Zebulun
Ephraim Manasseh Issachar and Zebulun had not cleanse themselves yet they ate
had not cleanse themselves yet they ate
had not cleanse themselves yet they ate the Passover contrary to what was
the Passover contrary to what was
the Passover contrary to what was written but Hezekiah prayed for them
written but Hezekiah prayed for them
written but Hezekiah prayed for them may the good Lord provide atonement for
may the good Lord provide atonement for
may the good Lord provide atonement for everyone who prepares his heart to seek
everyone who prepares his heart to seek
everyone who prepares his heart to seek God the Lord God of his father's though
God the Lord God of his father's though
God the Lord God of his father's though he is not cleansed according to the
he is not cleansed according to the
he is not cleansed according to the purification of the sanctuary and the
purification of the sanctuary and the
purification of the sanctuary and the Lord listened to Hezekiah and healed the
Lord listened to Hezekiah and healed the
Lord listened to Hezekiah and healed the people so the children of Israel who
people so the children of Israel who
people so the children of Israel who were present at Jerusalem kept the feast
were present at Jerusalem kept the feast
were present at Jerusalem kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days with
of unleavened bread seven days with
of unleavened bread seven days with great gladness and the Levites and the
great gladness and the Levites and the
great gladness and the Levites and the priests praised the Lord day by day
priests praised the Lord day by day
priests praised the Lord day by day singing to the Lord
singing to the Lord
singing to the Lord accompanied by loud instruments and
accompanied by loud instruments and
accompanied by loud instruments and Hezekiah gave encouragement to all the
Hezekiah gave encouragement to all the
Hezekiah gave encouragement to all the Levites who taught the good knowledge of
Levites who taught the good knowledge of
Levites who taught the good knowledge of the Lord and they ate throughout the
the Lord and they ate throughout the
the Lord and they ate throughout the feast seven days offering peace
feast seven days offering peace
feast seven days offering peace offerings and making confession to the
offerings and making confession to the
offerings and making confession to the Lord God of their fathers then the whole
Lord God of their fathers then the whole
Lord God of their fathers then the whole assembly agreed to keep the feast
assembly agreed to keep the feast
assembly agreed to keep the feast another seven days and they kept it
another seven days and they kept it
another seven days and they kept it another seven days with gladness for
another seven days with gladness for
another seven days with gladness for Hezekiah king of Judah gave to the
Hezekiah king of Judah gave to the
Hezekiah king of Judah gave to the assembly a thousand Bulls and seven
assembly a thousand Bulls and seven
assembly a thousand Bulls and seven thousand sheep and the leaders gave to
thousand sheep and the leaders gave to
thousand sheep and the leaders gave to the assembly a thousand Bulls and ten
the assembly a thousand Bulls and ten
the assembly a thousand Bulls and ten thousand sheep and a great number of
thousand sheep and a great number of
thousand sheep and a great number of priests sanctified themselves the whole
priests sanctified themselves the whole
priests sanctified themselves the whole Assembly of Judah rejoiced also the
Assembly of Judah rejoiced also the
Assembly of Judah rejoiced also the priests and Levites all the assembly
priests and Levites all the assembly
priests and Levites all the assembly that came from Israel the sojourners who
that came from Israel the sojourners who
that came from Israel the sojourners who came from the land of Israel and those
came from the land of Israel and those
came from the land of Israel and those who dwelt in Judah so there was great
who dwelt in Judah so there was great
who dwelt in Judah so there was great joy in Jerusalem for since the time of
joy in Jerusalem for since the time of
joy in Jerusalem for since the time of Solomon the son of David king of Israel
Solomon the son of David king of Israel
Solomon the son of David king of Israel there had been nothing like this in
there had been nothing like this in
there had been nothing like this in Jerusalem then the priests the Levites
Jerusalem then the priests the Levites
Jerusalem then the priests the Levites arose and blessed the people and their
arose and blessed the people and their
arose and blessed the people and their voice was heard and their prayer came up
voice was heard and their prayer came up
voice was heard and their prayer came up to his holy dwelling place to heaven
[Music]
[Music] you